---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_backend_pool"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-backend-pool"
description: |-
  Manage Azure BackendPool instance.
---

# azurerm_backend_pool

Manage Azure BackendPool instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the Backend Pool which is unique within the Front Door. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `front_door_name` - (Required) Name of the Front Door which is globally unique. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Resource name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backends` - (Optional) One `backend` block defined below.

* `health_probe_settings` - (Optional) One `health_probe_setting` block defined below.

* `load_balancing_settings` - (Optional) One `load_balancing_setting` block defined below.

* `resource_state` - (Optional) Resource status. Defaults to `Creating`.

---

The `backend` block supports the following:

* `address` - (Optional) Location of the backend (IP address or FQDN)

* `http_port` - (Optional) The HTTP TCP port number. Must be between 1 and 65535.

* `https_port` - (Optional) The HTTPS TCP port number. Must be between 1 and 65535.

* `enabled_state` - (Optional) Whether to enable use of this backend. Permitted values are 'Enabled' or 'Disabled' Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `priority` - (Optional) Priority to use for load balancing. Higher priorities will not be used for load balancing if any lower priority backend is healthy.

* `weight` - (Optional) Weight of this endpoint for load balancing purposes.

* `backend_host_header` - (Optional) The value to use as the host header sent to the backend. If blank or unspecified, this defaults to the incoming host.

---

The `health_probe_setting` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `load_balancing_setting` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `type` - Resource type.
