---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_software_update_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-software-update-configuration"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SoftwareUpdateConfiguration instance.
---

# azurerm_software_update_configuration

Manage Azure SoftwareUpdateConfiguration instance.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-rg"
  location = "West US 2"
}

resource "azurerm_automation_account" "example" {
  name                = "automationaccount"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  sku_name            = "Basic"
}

resource "azurerm_log_analytics_workspace" "example" {
  name                = "acctestLogAnalyticsWS-%d"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  sku                 = "PerGB2018"
}

resource "azurerm_log_analytics_linked_service" "example" {
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  workspace_name      = "${azurerm_log_analytics_workspace.example.name}"
  resource_id         = "${azurerm_automation_account.example.id}"
}

resource "azurerm_virtual_machine" "example" {
  name                  = "acctestVM-%d"
  resource_group_name   = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  location              = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  network_interface_ids = ["${azurerm_network_interface.example.id}"]
  vm_size               = "Standard_DS1_v2"

  storage_image_reference {
    publisher = "Canonical"
    offer     = "UbuntuServer"
    sku       = "16.04-LTS"
    version   = "latest"
  }

  storage_os_disk {
    name              = "myosdisk1"
    caching           = "ReadWrite"
    create_option     = "FromImage"
    managed_disk_type = "Standard_LRS"
  }

  os_profile {
    computer_name  = "hostname"
    admin_username = "testadmin"
    admin_password = "Password1234!"
  }

  os_profile_linux_config {
    disable_password_authentication = false
  }

  tags = {
    environment = "staging"
  }
}

resource "azurerm_software_update_configuration" "example" {
  name                    = "suconfiguration"
  resource_group_name     = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  automation_account_name = "${azurerm_automation_account.example.name}"

  schedule_info {
    start_time = "2019-10-24T03:56:08.45Z"
    time_zone  = "America/Los_Angeles"
  }

  update_configuration {
    operating_system       = "Linux"
    azure_virtual_machines = ["${azurerm_virtual_machine.example.id}"]

    linux {
      included_package_classifications = "Critical"
      reboot_setting                   = "IfRequired"
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the software update configuration to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Name of an Azure Resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `schedule_info` - (Required) One `schedule_info` block defined below.

* `update_configuration` - (Required) One `update_configuration` block defined below.

---

The `schedule_info` block supports the following:

* `start_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the start time of the schedule.

* `expiry_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the end time of the schedule.

* `expiry_time_offset_minutes` - (Optional) Gets or sets the expiry time's offset in minutes.

* `is_enabled` - (Optional) Gets or sets a value indicating whether this schedule is enabled.

* `next_run` - (Optional) Gets or sets the next run time of the schedule.

* `next_run_offset_minutes` - (Optional) Gets or sets the next run time's offset in minutes.

* `interval` - (Optional) Gets or sets the interval of the schedule.

* `frequency` - (Optional) Gets or sets the frequency of the schedule. Defaults to `OneTime`.

* `time_zone` - (Optional) Gets or sets the time zone of the schedule.

* `advanced_schedule` - (Optional) One `advanced_schedule` block defined below.

* `creation_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the last modified time.

* `description` - (Optional) Gets or sets the description.


---

The `advanced_schedule` block supports the following:

* `week_days` - (Optional) Days of the week that the job should execute on.

* `monthly_occurrences` - (Optional) One or more `monthly_occurrence` block defined below.


---

The `monthly_occurrence` block supports the following:

* `occurrence` - (Optional) Occurrence of the week within the month. Must be between 1 and 5

* `day` - (Optional) Day of the occurrence. Must be one of monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday. Defaults to `Monday`.

---

The `update_configuration` block supports the following:

* `operating_system` - (Required) operating system of target machines

* `windows` - (Optional) One `window` block defined below.

* `linux` - (Optional) One `linux` block defined below.

* `duration` - (Optional) Maximum time allowed for the software update configuration run. Duration needs to be specified using the format PT[n]H[n]M[n]S as per ISO8601

* `azure_virtual_machines` - (Optional) List of azure resource Ids for azure virtual machines targeted by the software update configuration.

* `non_azure_computer_names` - (Optional) List of names of non-azure machines targeted by the software update configuration.

* `targets` - (Optional) One `target` block defined below.


---

The `window` block supports the following:

* `included_update_classifications` - (Optional) Update classification included in the software update configuration. A comma separated string with required values Defaults to `Unclassified`.

* `excluded_kb_numbers` - (Optional) KB numbers excluded from the software update configuration.

* `included_kb_numbers` - (Optional) KB numbers included from the software update configuration.

* `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Reboot setting for the software update configuration.

---

The `linux` block supports the following:

* `included_package_classifications` - (Optional) Update classifications included in the software update configuration. Defaults to `Unclassified`.

* `excluded_package_name_masks` - (Optional) packages excluded from the software update configuration.

* `included_package_name_masks` - (Optional) packages included from the software update configuration.

* `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Reboot setting for the software update configuration.

---

The `target` block supports the following:

* `azure_queries` - (Optional) One or more `azure_query` block defined below.

* `non_azure_queries` - (Optional) One or more `non_azure_query` block defined below.


---

The `azure_query` block supports the following:

* `scope` - (Optional) List of Subscription or Resource Group ARM Ids.

* `locations` - (Optional) List of locations to scope the query to.

---

The `non_azure_query` block supports the following:

* `function_alias` - (Optional) Log Analytics Saved Search name.

* `workspace_id` - (Optional) Workspace Id for Log Analytics in which the saved Search is resided.

* `client_request_id` - (Optional) Identifies this specific client request. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `error` - (Optional) One `error` block defined below.

* `tasks` - (Optional) One `task` block defined below.

---

The `error` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Optional) Error code

* `message` - (Optional) Error message indicating why the operation failed.

---

The `task` block supports the following:

* `pre_task` - (Optional) One `pre_task` block defined below.

* `post_task` - (Optional) One `post_task` block defined below.


---

The `pre_task` block supports the following:

* `parameters` - (Optional) Gets or sets the parameters of the task.

* `source` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the runbook.

---

The `post_task` block supports the following:

* `parameters` - (Optional) Gets or sets the parameters of the task.

* `source` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the runbook.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `creation_time` - Creation time of the resource, which only appears in the response.

* `created_by` - CreatedBy property, which only appears in the response.

* `last_modified_time` - Last time resource was modified, which only appears in the response.

* `last_modified_by` - LastModifiedBy property, which only appears in the response.

* `id` - Resource Id.


## Import

Software Update Configuration can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import azurerm_software_update_configuration.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/example-rg/providers/Microsoft.Automation/automationAccounts//softwareUpdateConfigurations//clientRequestID/
```
